---
title: "Developing Tools in Maya"
date: 2023-04-16
---

## What is AI Art
Everyone copies art pattern from other people by visualizing the art. The AI does the same. All the art that it used was in the public domain. AI Models like the one used in Midjourney were fine tuned by humans. This is by no means a application concern but rather a human concerned. Are humans copying by tweaking digital tools they created to more closely help the imitate other people artwork. Yes they are copying style and patterns and this copying is what every single artist has done throughout history. Michael Angelos work were a copy of someone else style. He learned from other famous painters. The real problem here is this crazy idea that somehow these artificial intelligence models are not the works of their human programmers but rather they have a mind of its own which no scientific paper has proved. If these are tools made by humans to copy someone else's style and patterns then is no different than a special brush to imitate a particular syle of some other paintor. These have not been considered morally wrong by the majority of the populations throughout history. As there are no significant historical examples.

The other argument is a copyright argument. That is no longer a moral argument about artwork being stolen but rather about the legality of training on someone else copyrighted work. This issue is specific to the laws of a particular state our country and is a bigger issue that has existed far before AI came into the picture. Lawyers are most fit to talk about what is legal under copyright law or no. Personally I dislike copyright law as it slows down progress and innovation. Copying and learning has never stopped innovation only accelerated it. Many civilizations conquered land and stole from other civilizations and made these stolen product the foundation of their Art and Culture. The modern world is founded on copying art and culture.  The copying and learning part has never been the problem it is the lack of recognition, the inequality, and the use of force when doing so that has always been the problem. 
